Added https support (fixed Issue#31) (#39)
shubham1172/remote-play: README.md

- Extract the zip from the step above and copy to any suitable location
- Set the environment variables `REMOTE_PLAY_HOST` (default="0.0.0.0") and `REMOTE_PLAY_PORT` (default=8000) to customize the web server's host and port.

If you want to use the app with an https connection, you will need to :

> - Optionally, create an SSL certificate for the 0.0.0.0 IP address, for example using [mkcert](https://github.com/FiloSottile/mkcert). You may want to add it to your browser's trusted certificates, or else you will get a security warning each time you visit the url. Alternatively, you can use the ones provided at the root of the folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Optionally, create an SSL certificate using a tool like [mkcert](https://github.com/FiloSottile/mkcert). You may want to add it to your browser's trusted certificates, or else you will get a security warning each time you visit the url.
```

Let's remove 0.0.0.0 and let users decide what hosts they want to trust.
